# Purpose

During Conceptualise, seek answers to these questions as you step through the process. It doesn't matter which order you ask them, but obtaining answers in 'just enough' detail will allow the initiative to move to the next phase.

## Questions

<table data-view="cards"><thead><tr><th></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Does it align to our strategic architectural targets and plans?</td></tr><tr><td>Who can make the decision to progress or not?</td></tr><tr><td>Who else needs to be informed of progress?</td></tr><tr><td>Are there any dependencies to other work that is planned or currently in-flight?</td></tr><tr><td>What is the current state?</td></tr><tr><td>What is the future state?</td></tr><tr><td>Which business area is sponsoring the work?</td></tr><tr><td>How are we going to test that we have completed it successfully?</td></tr><tr><td>How are we going to ensure that this is embedded successfully?</td></tr><tr><td>Are we ready to do this work now?</td></tr><tr><td>What do we need to be able to start?</td></tr><tr><td>What problem are we trying to solve?</td></tr><tr><td>Why is this a problem?</td></tr><tr><td>Who is impacted by the problem?</td></tr><tr><td>What is preventing them from doing their job or getting the outcomes they are after?</td></tr><tr><td>What is the customer trying to do?</td></tr><tr><td>When does the problem occur?</td></tr><tr><td>How is the problem observed?</td></tr><tr><td>How often does this problem occur?</td></tr><tr><td>How many people are impacted?</td></tr><tr><td>What does success look like?</td></tr><tr><td>Do we understand the business process?</td></tr><tr><td>Do we need to solve this problem right now?</td></tr><tr><td>Who will be required to design &#x26; deliver the change?</td></tr><tr><td>What do we need to be able to recover from a disaster?</td></tr><tr><td>What changes are required to migrate from the existing system or process?</td></tr><tr><td>What data might be required from downstream reports?</td></tr><tr><td>Who can advise on the business rules?</td></tr><tr><td>Are there any legal implications, dependencies or timelines to be considered?</td></tr><tr><td>What governance do we need?</td></tr><tr><td>Do we have a high-level design?</td></tr><tr><td>Are there any communications implications, dependencies or timelines to be considered (internal or external)?</td></tr><tr><td>Will we need to provide training as part of the solution?</td></tr><tr><td>Do we have the right people to create the solution, or do we need more?</td></tr><tr><td>Do we have the right skills in our team?</td></tr><tr><td>Where will the team be located (local, international, external)?</td></tr><tr><td>Do we understand when things happen within the solution?</td></tr><tr><td>Can we provide a high-level estimate (T-shirt size)?</td></tr><tr><td>What else do we need to be able to provide an estimate?</td></tr><tr><td>Does everyone involved understand their roles and responsibilities?</td></tr><tr><td>How will we deliver the plan?</td></tr><tr><td>Do we know the standards that we need to adhere to?</td></tr><tr><td>Are there any third parties that we need to engage with or integrate with or transition to?</td></tr><tr><td>Do we understand the flow of information or materials required to produce the solution?</td></tr><tr><td>What are the steps that the customer takes to achieve an outcome?</td></tr><tr><td>Do we understand the financial breakdown and reporting requirements?</td></tr><tr><td>Who will own the solution once it is completed?</td></tr><tr><td>What sort of documentation do we require?</td></tr><tr><td>Does it align to our strategic business targets and plans?</td></tr><tr><td>Are there any marketing implications, dependencies or timelines to be considered?</td></tr><tr><td>What hardware/software requirements will we need?</td></tr></tbody></table>
